(mid-tempo hard rock ballad music)
♪ My child arrived just the other day ♪
♪ Came to the world in the usual way ♪
♪ But there were planes to
catch and bills to pay ♪
♪ He learned to walk while I was away ♪
♪ He was talking 'fore I knew it ♪
♪ And as he grew, he said,
"I'm gonna be like you, Dad ♪
♪ "You know I'm gonna be like you" ♪
♪ And the cats in the cradle
and the silver spoon ♪
♪ Little boy blue and
the man on the moon ♪
♪ "When you coming home" ♪
♪ "Son, I don't know when ♪
♪ "We'll get together then ♪
♪ "You know we'll have a good time then" ♪
♪ Well, my son turned
10 just the other day ♪
♪ He said, "Thanks for the
ball, Dad, come on, let's play ♪
♪ "Could you teach me to throw" ♪
♪ I said, "Not today, I got a lot to do" ♪
♪ He said, "That's okay" ♪
♪ And he walked away and he smiled ♪
♪ And he said, "You know, I'm
gonna be like him," yeah ♪
♪ "You know I'm gonna be like him" ♪
♪ And the cats in the cradle
and the silver spoon ♪
♪ Little boy blue and
the man on the moon ♪
♪ "When you coming home" ♪
♪ "Son, I don't know when ♪
♪ "We'll get together then ♪
♪ "You know we'll have a good time then" ♪
♪ When he came from college
just the other day ♪
♪ So much like a man I just
had to say "I'm proud of you ♪
♪ "Could you sit for a while" ♪
♪ He shook his head and
he said with a smile ♪
♪ "What I'd really like, Dad,
is to borrow the car keys ♪
♪ "See you later, can
I have them, please" ♪
♪ And the cats in the cradle
and the silver spoon ♪
♪ Little boy blue and
the man on the moon ♪
♪ "When you coming home" ♪
♪ "Son, I don't know when ♪
♪ "We'll get together then ♪
♪ "You know we'll have a good time then" ♪
(upbeat hard rock music)
(mid-tempo hard rock ballad music)
♪ I've long since retired,
my son's moved away ♪
♪ I called him up just the other day ♪
♪ "I'd like to see you,
if you don't mind" ♪
♪ He said, "I'd love to, Dad,
if I could find the time ♪
♪ "You see my new job's a hassle
and the kids have the flu ♪
♪ "But it's sure nice
talking to you, Dad ♪
♪ "It's been sure nice talking to you" ♪
♪ And as I hung up the
phone it occurred to me ♪
♪ He'd grown up just like me ♪
♪ My boy was just like me ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ And the cats in the cradle
and the silver spoon ♪
♪ Little boy blue and
the man on the moon ♪
♪ "When you coming home" ♪
♪ "Son, I don't know when ♪
♪ "We'll get together then ♪
♪ "You know we'll have a good time then" ♪
♪ And the cats in the cradle
and the silver spoon ♪
♪ Little boy blue and
the man on the moon ♪
♪ "When you coming home" ♪
♪ "Son, I don't know when ♪
♪ "We'll get together then ♪
♪ "You know we'll have a good time then" ♪
(gentle hard rock music)